Registering a username with the LNURL service (#54)
breez/breez-sdk-liquid-docs: src/guide/lnurl_pay_service.md

![pay](https://github.com/breez/breez-sdk-docs/assets/5394889/ef0a3111-3604-4789-89c6-23adbd7e5d52)

### Step 1: Registering for an LNURL-Pay service
Use a POST request to the service endpoint ```https://app.domain/lnurlpay/[pubkey]``` with the following payload to register the app for an LNURL-Pay service:

```json
{
 "time": 1231006505, // Current UNIX timestamp
 "webhook_url": "[notification service webhook URL]",
 "username": "[optional username]",
 "signature": "[signed message]"
}
```

> The ```signature``` refers to the result of a message signed by the private key of the ```pubkey```, where the message comprises the following text where ```time```, ```webhook_url``` and ```username``` are the payload fields: 
> 
> ```
> [time]-[webhook_url]
> ``` 
> When the optional username is set:
> ```
> [time]-[webhook_url]-[username]
> ``` 

Reviewer: ````suggestion
The `signature` refers to the result of a message signed by the private key of the `pubkey`, where the message is comprised of the following text: 

```
[time]-[webhook_url]
``` 
or, when the optional `username` field is set:
```
[time]-[webhook_url]-[username]
``` 
where `time`, `webhook_url` and `username` are the payload fields. 
````

### Step 4: Fetching a bolt11 invoice

> The sender fetches a bolt11 invoice by invoking a GET request to the ```callback``` URL with adding a specific amount as a query parameter. For example: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sender fetches a bolt11 invoice by invoking a GET request to the ```callback``` URL when a specific amount is added as a query parameter. For example: 
```
